hi thanks for watching
we're gonna make a traditional
California action douses the first
telephone at all we make with the sea
with outside a lot of people prefer the
flavor of the sea with outside in a lot
of people prefer the rice outside so
what we're gonna do is we have water to
turn our hands of the rice doesn't stick
in our hands the other sushi rice right
here
so we gonna put instead of this way you
know this way for this row so we have
more room with rice on it this will be
enough amount right just half of it we
will see some uses on it slice of
avocado slices of cucumber in our crab
salad we have this crowd saveth already
made in my channel this is a video on
how to make this with all the
ingredients so we put the crab salad or
you can just put shape of a crab or king
crab imitation crab whatever you want in
there but the salad is better he has a
little Mayo in a sesame oil and then it
gives a very special flavor so we can
roll it up right here
now to the other just this much just
enough to press it and we can slice and
either the seaweed if this is coming too
much you can make it bigger but it's not
really nice and hearty so this size is
pretty good so we use the Devon goo and
press it this has a plastic wrap already
/ then you can just put the plastic and
use the bamboo little water on the other
edge so these sticks together and just
slice it we put water on our knives of
the doesn't stick in the net the resin
power knife this is the traditional
California Road
thank you so much